hello it's Ruby and today I am starting
Volokh must 2017 I didn't do it last
year I didn't do it the year before this
is my first time doing it and I am
really excited to share my Christmas
lead-up my Advent with you so today's
the first of December and my parents and
I were sitting downstairs eating
breakfast and my mum pointed out that it
was snowing outside on December 1st
now I'm just gonna open the first day of
my Advent Calendar and my dad's told us
every morning so this Christmas I'm
getting a Simpsons quote for every day
I'm back home from school and it is
currently around 6:00 I just had dinner
before dinner I was ordering Christmas
presents actually because the whole of
this week I literally haven't had a
single second to rest and so I thought
that I would just spend an extra half an
hour I'm looking online for Christmas
presents for my friends and family I'm
going to start off by writing an essay
plan for cat's-eye by Margaret Atwood
not because it's homework but because
it's one of my favorite works
[Music]
it's seven and I've decided that I'm
actually going to go and have a shower
now
[Music]
at the moment I'm just reviewing some
Frankenstein and Paradise Lost notes so
I'm just going through and I'm thinking
about who Frankenstein actually
represents in Paradise Lost because some
will say God and some will say Lucifer
it's really difficult to say because I
think you can only look to God if you're
going to appreciate some imperfections
in Milton's account however it does he
does seem to be tied more closely to
Lucifer perhaps is more a statement
about how humans are both but then
Shelley also twist it because Elizabeth
is obviously kind of more or she's more
human and she highlights that the
monster is only able to see one side of
human experience which was from
Frankenstein's point of view this is
quite confusing I'm not really sure I
didn't we can reach a definitive
judgment but I think it's not an
interesting topic to debate that was so
rambly I'm so sorry I feel like I'm
having to pad out this vlog which is why
I just gave you such a rambling account
of the work that I'm doing at the moment
today my mom surprised me and got me
these two shirts which are for school
but also for this weekend it's 9:45 and
I'm actually a bit hungry so I think I'm
gonna go downstairs and get something to
eat quickly before you go to bed
[Music]
I'm basically just reading the New York
Times then reading my book and then
going to sleep so I'm sorry that this
was such a boring first day of vlogmas
I feel like I didn't really do anything
and I was at school most the time which
is um probably not very exciting for you
but I'll see you tomorrow for vlogmas
day two
bye thank you for watching and have a
productive week